# Java
Java Programming Language

## Core Logic Test
- **CoreTask#1**: BeanArray - An array is defined to be a Bean array if it meets the following conditions a. If it contains a 9 then it also contains a 13. b. If it  contains a 7 then it does not contain a 16. So {1, 2, 3, 9, 6, 13} and {3, 4, 6, 7, 13, 15}, {1, 2, 3, 4, 10, 11, 12} and {3, 6, 9, 5, 7, 13, 6, 17} are Bean arrays. The following arrays are not Bean arrays: a. { 9, 6, 18} (contains a 9 but no 13) b. {4, 7, 16} (contains both a 7 and a 16) Write a function named isBean that returns 1 if its array argument is a Bean array, otherwise it returns 0. Function signature is int isBean (int[ ] a)

- **CoreTask#2**: BunkerArray - A Bunker array is an array that contains the value 1 if and only if it contains a prime number. The array {7, 6, 10, 1} is a Bunker array because it contains a prime number (7) and also contains a 1. The array {7, 6, 10} is not a Bunker array because it contains a prime number (7) but does not contain a 1. The array {6, 10, 1} is not a Bunker array because it contains a 1 but does not contain a prime number. It is okay if a Bunker array contains more than one value 1 and more than one prime, so the array {3, 7, 1, 8, 1} is a Bunker array (3 and 7 are the primes). Write a function named isBunker that returns 1 if its array argument is a Bunker array and returns 0 otherwise. You may assume the existence of a function named isPrime that returns 1 if its argument is a prime and returns 0 otherwise. You do not have to write isPrime, you can just call it. Function signature is int isBunker(int [ ] a)

- **CoreTask#3**: CountDigits - Write a function named countDigit that returns the number of times that a given digit appears in a positive number. For example countDigit(32121, 1) would return 2 because there are two 1s in 32121. Other examples: countDigit(33331, 3) returns 4 countDigit(33331, 6) returns 0 countDigit(3, 3) returns 1 The function should return -1 if either argument is negative, so countDigit(-543, 3) returns -1. The function signature is int ountDigit(int n, int digit) Hint: Use modulo base 10 and integer arithmetic to isolate the digits of the number.

- **CoreTask#4**: DualArray - Define a Dual array to be an array where every value occurs exactly twice. For example, {1, 2, 1, 3, 3, 2} is a dual array. The following arrays are not Dual arrays {2, 5, 2, 5, 5} (5 occurs three times instead of two times) {3, 1, 1, 2, 2} (3 occurs once instead of two times) Write a function named isDual that returns 1 if its array argument is a Dual array. Otherwise it returns 0. Function signature is int isDual (int[ ] a) 

- **CoreTask#5**: DigitSum - Write a function named isDigitSum that returns 1 if sum of all digits of the first argument is less than the second argument and 0 otherwise. For example isDigitSum(32121,10 ) would return 1 because 3+2+1+2+1 = 9 < 10. More examples: isDigitSum(32121,9) returns 0, isDigitSum(13, 6) returns 1, isDigitSum(3, 3) returns 0 The function should return -1 if either argument is negative, so isDigitSum(-543, 3) returns -1. The function signature is int isDigitSum(int n, int m)
